Mike Rogers with the other side of the
news and it sounds so primitive by
today's standards but back in 1994 and
it was cutting edge that most people
didn't even know what the internet was
back then when I first got on the
internet I actually was able to surf
every web server in the world in one
evening so you can imagine how cool
Steve chambers thought it was when he
got that first web cam 15 years ago he
just had to figure out what to do with
it they came up with this idea well what
could I do that would show some motion
over time and what better way to do that
than with an ant farm one of those uncle
milton's ant farms he had as a kid uncle
milton uncle milton yeah Milton Levine
he invented the ant farm in the mid 50
then there was the 40 years later
putting one on that newfangled interweb
thingy in a very stop-motion sort of way
originally it wasn't streaming video I
think the best we could do is an update
to picture every minute or something it
was a real pain to actually get those
images online too I would dial into
seattle on distance to get on the
internet you've been hit what like the
56k or something oh noes 1200 baud
56-day hadn't been invented yet and now
here we are 50 years later and would you
believe Steve's ant farm is still up and
running there is a desperate plunge into
the black depths of the earth where
human courage challenges the brute force
the slashing jaws the poison fangs that
guard the subterranean mess with how
many hits again 1 million two hundred
and sixty-six thousand seven hundred and
seventeen Wow but that'll change they
certainly had to switch out the camera a
few times they do eventually give up the
ghost as do the ants that zooms the ants
actually bury their dead
like a big burial mound like a big
Indian burial man exactly but in spite
of that or perhaps because of it people
are still watching hundred every day do
some of them sit there and just watch
for extended periods of time actually
they do maybe we're usually entertained
I don't know and I'm Mike Rogers with
the other side of the news on news radio
1080 krld